[<p>In light of the last news item in which I appealed to the Project Euler community to assist in identifying the method of the recent hack I have been 
completely overwhelmed in two respects: literally the number of emails received and by the generosity of your time, expertise, and willingness to help. Thank 
you!</p>, <p>I have already responded to some emails and thanks to their insights a few bugs have now been exterminated.</p>, <p>One common query has been 
whether or not the scripts for the website can be made publicly available. This is something I am reluctant to do, but in due time I will be taking up some very 
kind offers to help by forming a small team of developers to view the scripts privately.</p>, <p>Be assured that I have read every email received, but please do 
not be offended if I am unable to reply to everyone. If you have made an offer to help but you are not invited initially I may yet approach you at some point in 
the future. I truly value every response.</p>, <p>Project Euler is back. However, it has been necessary to restore the database to 28 July 2015 which means that 
a number of members will have lost a couple of days of progress. It is also with ever greater sadness I report that I have been unable to identify the method of 
attack used to hack the database. It is quite possible that a similar attack may never happen again or it may happen again and again. If a similar hack occurs 
then I will be forced to restore the database once more. Clearly this is neither ideal nor can it continue indefinitely. For this reason we are calling on some 
of you, members of the Project Euler community, with expertise in web security to help identify vulnerabilities in the website. If anyone is able to provide 
information then not only will it be met with my own personal gratitude but with the appreciation of the rest of the members. Otherwise, if the method of attack 
is not discovered, and the website continues to be hacked, then the current content (problems and threads) will be permanently converted into a static website; 
an alternative method of publishing future problems will need to be determined.</p>, <p>So if you have the right skills and you would like to help the community 
by auditing (hacking) the website then you are invited to do so. However, I would request that any testing is done as a proof-of-concept rather than being 
destructive in nature. If you do identify a potential vulnerability then I would also ask that you do not publish your findings publicly and contact me privately 
via email: loophole@projecteuler.net. You have my personal assurance that any constructive actions will receive full amnesty and your communications will be 
handled in the strictest of confidence.</p>, <p>Be aware that the database could be restored to a previous state at any time so please keep a record of your 
answers elsewhere. If you feel uncomfortable using this website at the moment then the temporary website (containing the problem set with an answer checker) has 
been made permanently available at <a href="http://static.projecteuler.net">http://static.projecteuler.net</a>.</p>, <p>Sadly it seems that a malicious user has 
discovered a way to modify the contents of the DB. It is currently unclear how this occurred so in the meantime a decision has been made to take Project Euler 
offline and replace it with a temporary website. This will ensure that the problems, which are the primary reason Project Euler exists, remain accessible. During 
this time you will be pleased to learn that it is possible to check answers.</p>, <p>Further updates will be made through this news feed.</p>, <p>Problem #522: 
(Sunday, 28th June 2015, 04:00 am servertime) will be the last problem before the summer break.<br/>\r\nWe will be back Sunday, September 6th, 2015.</p>, <p>A 
number of new awards have been added and there has been a minor change to one of the awards.</p>, <p>We hope that you enjoy these new awards and they add to the 
fun as you continue solving the problems.</p>]
None